*toggl.txt* A Vim interface to the Toggl time tracking service. 

====================================================================
CONTENTS                                            *TogglContents*

    1. Requirements ......... |TogglRequirements|
    2. Usage ................ |TogglUsage|
    3. License .............. |TogglLicense|
    4. Credits .............. |TogglCredits|


====================================================================
Section 1: Requirements                          *TogglRequirements*

This plugin requires the Vital plugin and the Unite plugin. Using
a package manager like Vundle or vim-plug, you can get these plugins
with commands like: 

    Plugin 'vim-jp/vital.vim'
    Plugin 'Shougo/unite.vim'

====================================================================
Section 2: Usage                                        *TogglUsage*

Get an API token from Toggl, in your account page in the Toggl
web app. Set your API token by setting the global variable
g:toggle_api_token, like this:  

    let g:toggl_api_token = "b51ff78xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"

WARNING: if you keep your .vimrc in a public repository, you might
want to put this line in another file, and source it in your .vimrc
instead.

====================================================================
Section 3: License                                    *TogglLicense*

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 Toshiki Teramura

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files
(the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction,
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software,
and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS
BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

====================================================================
Section 4: Credits                                    *TogglCredits*

Written by Toshiki Teramura.
